.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.\" $Id: CSOM.1 124 2007-10-09 19:54:03Z tobias.pape $
.Dd 11.07.2007               \" DATE
.Dt CSOM 1      \" Program name and manual section number
.Os Darwin
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm CSOM
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\".Nm Other_name_for_same_program(),
.\".Nm Yet another name for the same program.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd a virtual machine for
.Ar Simple Object Machine
written in C
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.\".Op Fl abcd              \" [-abcd]
.Fl cp Ar path
.Op Fl d
.Op Fl h
.Oo
.Op Ar path
.Ar class ...
.Oc
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is a minimal Virtual Machine for the
.Ar Simple Object Machine
, a Smalltalk inspired programming language. It is written in
.Ar C
.Pp                      \" Inserts a space
A list of items with descriptions:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Begins a tagged list
.It item a               \" Each item preceded by .It macro
Description of item a
.It item b
Description of item b
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
A list of flags and their descriptions:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl a                 \"-a flag as a list item
Description of -a flag
.It Fl b
Description of -b flag
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /usr/share/file_name
FILE_1 description
.It Pa /Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name
FILE_2 description
.El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr a 1 ,
.Xr b 1 ,
.Xr c 1 ,
.Xr a 2 ,
.Xr b 2 ,
.Xr a 3 ,
.Xr b 3
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
